#4 Setup a New Multisig Wallet in Sparrow

1. Go to www.Sparrowwallet.com, Click on Download, and Click on "Sparrow-1.8.2.exe"
2. Navigate to your downloads and run the Sparrow Installer
  a. Click "More Info" and Click "Run Anyway"
  b. Once complete, open Sparrow from the Windows Start menu
3. In the Sparrow Software (on the computer)
  a. Click "Next", click "Next" again, click "Next" again then click "Configure
     Server"
  b. Leave the default connection to a public server and click "Test Connection"
  c. When test is complete, click "Create New Wallet" and name it: Classroom Test
4. Wallet Configuration: 
  a. Policy Type: Select "Multi Signature" from the drop down list
  b. Ensure Cosigners shows "M of N: 2/3" and Script Type shows "Native Segwit"
  c. Plug your Ledger Device into the computer and on the Ledger Device:
    i. Enter PIN = 1234 and open the Bitcoin App by pressing both buttons
  d. In the Sparrow Software (on the computer) 
    i. In the Keystore 1 tab at the bottom click on "Connected Hardware Wallet"
	 1. Click "Scan" and click on "Import Keystore" next to the Ledger
	 2. Once imported, disconnect the Ledger
    ii. Click on the "Keystore 2" tab and plug your Trezor Device to the Computer
    iii. In the Keystore 2 tab at the bottom click on "Connected Hardware Wallet"
         1. Click "Scan" and when Trezor One shows up, click on "Unlock"
	 2. Look Trezor Device and click the associated location on the blank
	    PIN pad in Sparrow (on the computer) (PIN = 1234)
	 3. From the dropdown next to Send Passphrase select "Toggle Passphrase Off"
         4. On the Trezor Device, click to confirm no Passphrase
         5. In the Sparrow Software (on the computer) click on "Import Keystore"
         6. Once imported, disconnect the Trezor and Plug in the ColdCard 
    iv. On the ColdCard Device
         1. Enter the PIN Prefix PIN = 12, Recognize words? Yes. Click the Enter
            button (check mark), and enter Rest of PIN = 1234
         2. Navigate down and select Settings, then select Multisig Wallets, then
            select Export XPUB
           a. Click the Enter button (check mark)
           b. Account Number: Click the 0 button and click the Enter button 
           c. Click the 1 button to save multisig XPUB file to SD Card
    v. Take out the microSD card, inset it into the USB adaptor provided and plug
       it into the computer. 
  e. In the Sparrow Software (on the computer) 
    i. Click on the "Keystore 3" tab, and click "Airgapped Hardware Wallet"
    ii. ColdCard Multisig: Click "Import File..."
         1. Navigate to the USB drive with the SD card in it, select the .json
            file and click "Open"
    iii. At the bottom of the screen in Sparrow, click "Apply" and click "No
         Password"
    iv. Backup Multisig Wallet? Click OK [we will backup multiple formats in the
        next steps]
4. Done! You Have setup a new multisig wallet! 


