#1 Setting up a Ledger Nano S

1. Go to www.ledger.com, click on Products, then click on Download Ledger Live
	a. Click Download the App > Windows App
2. Navigate to your downloads and run the Ledger Live installer
	a. Keep all default installation parameters and at the end leave the box
	   checked to “Run Ledger Live”
3. In Ledger Live:
	a. Click on Get Started, click Ledger Nano S, then click Setup a New Nano S
	b. Click through the basics and then click OK, I’m Ready!
	c. click that you understand that you need to keep your PIN private
	d. click Set up PIN code, Click Next Step, then Click Get Started
4. Plug in Ledger (with the ledger branded USB cable)
	a. On the Ledger Device: “Welcome to Ledger Nano S >”:
		i. Use the buttons to navigate right and click both buttons when you
 		   see “Setup as New Device”
		ii. Choose PIN: Click both buttons to choose your PIN
		iii. Set PIN = 1234 by using the buttons on the device and clicking
 		     	     both buttons to accept a number
		iv. Confirm the PIN as 1234 following the same process. 
5. Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)
	a. In Ledger Live:
		i. Click to indicate that you understand, click Recovery Phrase,
 		   click Next step, click Next Step again, then click Get Started
	b. On the Ledger Device: Your Device will Generate 24 Words>”:
		i. Click to the right and press both buttons when you see “Press
 		   both buttons to continue”
		ii. Write down each word by hand on your paper seed phrase sheet
		iii. After you have written down all 24 words click to the right and
 		     press both buttons when you see “Confirm your recovery phrase”
		iv. Confirm Word 1: if the word shown matches word 1 on your sheet,
 		    press both buttons to confirm it, if it does not match, then use
 		    the buttons to change the word until it matches your sheet and
 	    	    click both buttons to confirm it.
		v. Do this for all 24 words
		vi. Once you confirm all 24 words, click to the right and press both
 		    buttons when you see “Press both buttons to continue”
	c. In Ledger Live:
		i. click OK I’m Done, then click Get Started
		ii. Take the quiz and then click Next Step 
6. Genuine Check
	a. In Ledger Live:
		i. Click Check my Nano
	b. On the Ledger Device:
		i. Click both buttons when you see “Allow Ledger Manager”
	c. In Ledger Live:
		i. All Good! > Click Continue 
		ii. On the right of the screen in Ledger Live, scroll down and click
 		    on “My Ledger”
		iii. Click “Install” on the Bitcoin (BTC) App
