#2a Restore a Multisig Wallet in Nunchuk Desktop

1. Go to www.nunchuk.io/, scroll to bottom of the page and click on "Download app 
   for Windows"
  a. Click on "nunchuk-window-v1.9.30.zip" to download
  b. Navigate to the Downloads folder in the file explorer, right click on the
     Nunchuk zip file and Select Extract All... then click "Extract"
2. Run the Nunchuk.exe file in the folder that opens up
  a. Click "More Info" and Click "Run Anyway"
  b. Install for All users and then complete the installation using the default
     options and check the box to "Launch Nunchuk"
3. In the Nunchuk Software, click "Get Started" and Click "Got it" to stay in 
   Guest Mode
4. Add 1st Key: In Nunchuk, click on the + sign next to "Keys" on the middle left
  a. Click "Add Hardware Key" then click "Continue"
    i. Plug your Ledger Device into the computer and on the Ledger Device:
      1. Enter PIN = 1234 and open the Bitcoin App by pressing both buttons
    ii. In Nunchuk (on the computer)
      1. Key Name = Ledger Nano S
      2. Click Refresh Devices, select the ledger and click "Add Key"
      3. Once it imports the key information, click the "X" in the corner to close
5. Add 2nd Key: In Nunchuk, click on the + sign next to "Keys" on the middle left
  a. Click "Add Hardware Key" then click "Continue" then Click "Add an air-gapped
     key"
    i. On the ColdCard Device:
      1. Enter the PIN Prefix = 12, Recognize words? Yes. Click the Enter button, 
         and enter Rest of PIN = 1234
      2. Navigate down and select Settings, then select Multisig Wallets, then 
         select Export XPUB
        a. Click the Enter button (check mark)
        b. Account Number: Click the 0 button and click the Enter button 
        c. Click the 1 button to save multisig XPUB file to SD Card
    ii. Take out the microSD card, inset it into the USB adaptor provided and plug
        it into the computer. 
  b. In Nunchuk, click Import via file
    i. Navigate to the USB drive with the SD card in it, select the .json file and
       click "Open"
    ii. Add a key name = ColdCard
    iii. Click "Add Key" then click the "X" in the corner to close
6. Restore Wallet: In Nunchuk, click on the + sign next to "Wallets" in the top 
   left
  a. Click Import Wallet
  b. Click Recover via BSMS/descriptors/config file
    i. Navigate to Desktop>Classroom Restore, click the .bsms file and hit "Open"
    ii. Click the X in the Wallet info window to close it
