#1b Sign Transaction in Sparrow

1. In the Sparrow Software (on the computer)
  a. Click on Receive and copy the address shown
  b. Click on Send:
    i. Pay to: [Paste receive address]
    ii. Label: test
    iii. Amount: Max
    iv. Fee Rates, etc.: Default
    v. Click Create Transaction
    vi. Click Finalize Transaction for Signing
2. Sign Transaction
  a. Sign with Trezor
    i. Plug in Trezor
    ii. Click on the Button Labeled "Sign" then click "Scan" and when the Trezor
        One shows up, click on "Unlock"
    iii. Look at the Trezor Device and click the associated location on the blank
         PIN pad in Sparrow (on the computer) (PIN = 1234); then click "Sign"
    iv. From the dropdown next to Send Passphrase select "Toggle Passphrase Off"
    v. Confirm Spend and Fee on Device
  b. Sign with ColdCard
    i. Remove the SD Card from the ColdCard and Plug it into the computer
    ii. In Sparrow Click the Button: Save Transaction
    iii. Navigate to the SD Card in the file explorer and click Save
    iv. Remove the SD Card from the computer and put it back into the ColdCard
    v. On the ColdCard: Navigate back to the home screen of the ColdCard and Click
       on "Ready to Sign"
       1. If the fee is too high go back to the home screen by clicking the 
          X button a few times
       2. Navigate down and select "Settings", then scroll down and select 
         "Max Network Fee" and select "No Limit" by clicking the Enter button
       3. Go back to the home screen by clicking the X button a few times and Click
          on "Ready to Sign"
    vi. OK TO SEND? Click the Enter button
    vii. Once signed, remove the SD card from the ColdCard and put it back into
         the computer
    viii. In Sparrow, Click on Load Transaction and Navigate to the SD Card
       1. Select the psbt file that includes "-part"
    ix. At this point the transaction is signed and could be broadcast into the
        mempool, however, we will just cancel the transaction to save the fees 
        for another class :)
    x. Click the [x] in the test transaction tab in Sparrow
