#2b Sign Transaction in Nunchuk

1. In Nunchuk, Click Receive
  a. Under the Quick Receive address QR code, click "copy address" 
  b. Click the X in the Receive funds window
2. Click on Send
  a. To Address: [Paste receive address]
  b. Amount: Click the check box to "Send all" then Click "Continue"
3. Leave default send settings and click "Confirm and create transaction"
4. ColdCard: Click Sign
  a. Remove the SD Card from the ColdCard and Plug it into the computer 
  b. In Nunchuk, click "Export Transaction", save the .psbt file to the ColdCard
     SD Card and plug the SD Card back into the ColdCard
  c. On the ColdCard: navigate back to the home screen of the ColdCard by clicking
     the X button a few times and Click on "Ready to Sign"
  d. OK TO SEND? Click the Enter button
  e. Once signed, remove the SD card from the ColdCard and put it back into the
     computer
5. In Nunchuk, Next to ColdCard click "Sign"
  a. Click Import Signature
    i. and Navigate to the SD Card and Select the psbt file that includes "-part" 
       and click "Open"
6. Plug your Ledger Device into the computer and on the Ledger Device:
  a. Enter PIN = 1234 and open the Bitcoin App by pressing both buttons
7. In Nunchuk: Click on "Sign" next to Ledger Nano S
  a. To register the wallet, click to the right several times and click both 
     buttons to approve
  b. Approve Key 0 by clicking to the right several times and click both buttons 
     to approve
  c. Approve Key 1 by clicking to the right several times and click both buttons 
     to approve
  d. Approve Key 2 by clicking to the right several times and click both buttons 
     to approve
  e. Click right twice to spend from know wallet and click both buttons to approve
  f. Review the output amount and address by clicking to the right several times 
     and click both buttons to approve
  g. Confirm transaction fee by clicking to the right twice and click both buttons
     to Accept and Send 
    i. At this point the transaction is signed and could be broadcast into the
       mempool, however, we will just cancel the transaction to save the fees for
       another class :)
      1. Click More Options
      2. Click Remove Transaction

